{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh11780\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Praise Bootstrap (I Hate It)\
\
Ok let me say first that i\'92m not speaking like a programmer here. This point of view comes from a sincere fan of the web, as a medium (cinema and music being too, mediums).\
As a fan i have been a little disappointed in the recent years (8 aprox.) the web has taking a turn for something i consider quite boring, it has become severely commercial to the point that you always interact with a thousand private companies before even checking your Facebook. Think apple, verizon, fatcow, (the name server whathever), google, adobe, Facebook, ew. It\'92s not that i have something against those companies either, but it just have become more cumbersome to do anything there, the web has become a sloth just because all the interactions that we must have in order to complete an action. That structural complexity has one very interest effect i think, it is very complicated shit to do webpages right now, at least for me haha. \
\
Every website has to be able to connect to google, Facebook and twitter at least. It has to be compliant with security standards for the users,  it has to be seen in the most unimaginable kind of screen etc. \
\
So yes i am complaining abut doing things right hahaha, i am to blame. That said i think my point still holds. Because do we want everything to be so pretty? so well done? The problem i think is that you rule out the simple message from the web. Think text, as a medium it\'92s function is communication, that\'92s why we invent different mediums, that has always been the goal. \
\
Very well, in text you have encyclopedias, author books (with all the genres etc.), a reminder on your refrigerator, the company slogan, a corny love letter from high school sweet heath etc. but the medium itself which is the text is very flexible to accommodate any kind of content and is very accesible for most.  I can contrast it with most mediums and text will always come out on top because that flexibility. The spectrum of stuff one can accomplish communicating with text is simply amazing. So what happens when i compare it to web? well at first i get a little down cause it is extremely constrained in comparison, ask a writer or news reporters of what i\'92m talking about, they have been trying to figure out how to fit their writing into a blog/series/twitter-experiment/facebook-comic/meme-campaign because that\'92s the only thing that seems to thrive in the web nowadays. It\'92s a chore for them, for the public and for programmers as well. I mean it\'92s not that fucking complicated, they just want to use text and publish it on web but the formats are incredibly constrained, Facebook is a format, twitter is a format and recently google is too (a fucking ugly one at that). What if what we want to say does not need all those standards? \
\
The thing that has me excited about the web really is what happens if you think the web medium was built only for the propose of communicating text (at least in one of the theories on how the internet was created). Then it is extremely compatible with it and can be combined with it to take it to other places. Emoticons it\'92s just one example of what im saying, they have the possibility of expanding text to include graphical references that are fast to read and actually depend on the context of what is being said (they differ from images in that way). Twitter, and Facebook memes were interesting once too of course, but why stop there? Why are we hesitant to experiment with the 10,000 billion kind of ways there are?  Especially now that i think we all agree we had all the different types of conversation one can have in Facebook time and time again. \
\
I think we have been led to believe that we just NEED all that, but do we really? The technology behind the web is not really that complicated, you could say it\'92s just a protocol of communication and the information itself can be transported in every way you can imagine, let me explain further:\
\
\
Remember the internet tone of the nineties? well the ones that sounded like that were plugged to a phone line, phone lines were the first major network the web used, then we discovered we could also use the t.v. cable line to transmit that information. Now we have our cellphones with 4G and similar things which is a technology similar to the ones we use in public radio just more refined. The main idea is like morse code, if i tell you:\
\
_ ___ _\
\
you will be able to decode the morse code (if you knew morse off course, i don\'92t) in say\'85 2 seconds, well if a sent you detailed instructions to build a home via morse you would take a long time to decode the message, for example a week or a month before starting the construction. It does not matter, the fact is that at the end you would be able to build the house and so communication worked.\
\
Well internet and a web browser or a mac app it\'92s just the same. Detailed instructions to build something. With the difference being the speed it happens at, therefore the importance of the phone line. We play with the idea of the internet being like the kids with plastic cups and a string attached to each talking over it but it really is like that, the efficiency changes only. Ok i just wanted the importance of the message being instructions because we tend to think the apart we use to decode the message as one thing, but it\'92s not like that. We can consume the internet in a screen, in a refrigerator, as music, as a robot that waters a plant or whatever format we can think of as long as that aparat has some way of receiving and decoding instructions. \
\
So then we have this concept of the internet of things being this next step in technology and that the innovation department on mabe washmaschines (this is german i am sure) are all dressed in white coats and glasses are working hard to push this \'94invention\'94. But really if you think of it in terms of what the actual innovation means it\'92s really empowering you only to talk to your blender and making sure it understands you at least basically (the predecessor of this invention being buttons). \
\
 I am not talking of course about the other main thing which is interaction, your ability to establish real communication with an abstract thing called the internet and the depth of it. I don\'92t think that part is irrelevant but i omitted it because even before we can dig into that we need to understand and be able to manipulate the basic components of the whole communication thing, visual presentation is one basic aspect that remains almost wholly unexplored. \
\
I know it seems bold to say such thing but think of how a webpage is made nowadays! It is made with buttloads of software, adobe, mac, dropbox, you name it. The main one is of course adobe, they develop a very good software in my opinion but it is incredibly outdated, designers do some magic there, in what i call static design software, it is static because you can\'92t design with videos, with audio, with a feel of how the webpage will develop with time (yes, a webpage can change with time). Once the design is done it is sent to a programmer which is told exactly what to do, the programmer makes a copy of the static design and hangs it there. \
\
In that whole process of dealing with web content it\'92s the person who knows more about it the one that is given less to say. I don\'92t want to start a war with designers, web content producers, music band, anyone etc. but REALLY, CHILL!  If you are a street food seller or some tiny storage room manager (we all are) do you really need connection to Facebook twitter and a thousand others? do you really need that fancy \'93order in app\'94 so some lazy ass dude does not have to go there? of course you don\'92t! and worse yet, you can\'92t afford it! That\'92s important, development for that stuff is expensive and you can\'92t afford it that i think is why we don\'92t see tiny market websites anymore, or a whole website with no design dedicated entirely on how to beat a game (walkthroughs, hell i learned that word only to search for them). \
\
The route we have seem to take is to just stop making those kind of one porpoise, simple websites. Because it has gotten so complicated to make a website that we are happy with using all those intermediaries like blog engines, templates like bootstrap etc. Let me say it again, i have all the love for those things, the problem does not lay there but that as a medium the web has become a little stagnant, at least for my taste. It does not have to be like that in any kind of communication the clearer the message the better, so it happens on the web, your ability to communicate over it has become a specialty. I know you think developing web stuff is complicated but it\'92s really not. Let\'92s make a programming course right now:\
\
Open textedit or some text software and type \'93hello w\'f3rld!\'94 in it or copy the text. Ready?! Well now save it as \'93index.html\'94 right lick on it and choose \'93open with -> webbrowser\'94. Done! those are the very first steps of a long (i hope) career in web programming, you event respected the most adamant tenant of a web programmer which is: If you are starting something always use \'93hello world!\'94 (if you wrote something else, congrats that\'92s all you ever needed). \
\
This webpage is in fact not much more complicated than that, i added some other code for design stuff and some music obviously. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
I think we all agree in the importance of communication, we are just not sure of what to say yet.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
I don\'92t thing EVERYTHING should to be polished by the most perfect standards for the consumer happiness, let\'92s not turn the web into mc donald\'92s please.\
\
\
}