{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21200\viewh16080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Upon their Emergence to this new Fourth World, the people were told that they could not simply wander over it until they found a good place to settle down. M\'e1saw, it\'92s guardian spirit, outlined the manner in which they were to make it\'92s migrations, how they were to recognize the place they were to settle permanently, and the way  they were to live when they got there. All this was symbolically write on four sacred tables given to them.\
\
THE SACRED TABLES\
\
One of the tables M\'e1saw gave to the fire clan. As shown in figure 2, it was very small, about four inches square, made of dark.colored stone, and with a piece broken off from one corner. On one side were marked several symbols, and on the other the figure of a man without a head. M\'e1saw was the deity of the fire clan; and he gave them this tablet just before he turned his face from them, becoming invisible, so that they would have to record his words.\
\
This is what he said, as marked on the tablet: After the FIRE CLAN had migrated to their permanent home, the time would come when they would be overcome by strange people. They would be forced to develop their land and lives according to the dictates of a new ruler, or else they would be treated as criminals and punished. But they were not to resist. They were to wait for the person to deliver them.\
\
This person would be their lost brother, P\'e1hana, who would return to them with the missing corner piece of the tablet, deliver them from the prosecutors, and work out with them a new and universal brotherhood of man. But, warned Masaw, if their leader accepted any other religion, he must assent to having his head cut off. This would dispel the evil and save his people.\
\
THE MIGRATIONS\
\
Along it\'92s migrations the people of the FIRE CLAN passed down the story as tales, this was long long ago and because of that the tale changed shapes. The name of M\'e1saw became with time invisible as it\'92s bearer until the story too, faded. Still all tales came from this one story as before M\'e1saw there was no need of telling them. \
\
Upon their migrations the fire clan dispersed and new clans with their own migration routes were formed, entire cities were carved from stone and soon the people of the fire clan occupied the fourth world in it\'92s completion. They each settled and kept the door on top of their heads open to remember the words of M\'e1saw that still echoed through the world. Great chiefs prospered because they were not afraid of having their heads cut off and with them the clans.\
\
But they were not to simply wander on this fourth world and time came when strange people arrived, they had insect skin and held no love for the fire clan. Every word the guardian spirit had told became a reality and they were forced to work in the manner the insect clan ordered, as they promised they did not resisted. They came home tired every afternoon after working the land so their captors could eat, at first it was no problem but the appetite of the insect clan grew larger and larger and they became bigger and biger, abandoning human shape to become giant cockroaches. The fire clan soon found they barely had time to sleep they were dying from exhaustion and when they were thirsty water was denied from them, they were told to work for the water, to pay for it with more work, they obeyed as the guardian spirit told them.\
\
They thought they could not hold on for longer but they were considering to kill themselves a young member of the fire clan called Hopi decided he was tired of waiting, he grabbed a sharp stick and set out to fight the insects. After a struggle he managed to pull out one of the cockroaches teeth (they had the size of 2 story buildings at this point). After completing this amazing task he showed the teeth to the fire clan,  they were tired of this forced labor and so they followed Hopi again and fighted the cockroaches underground. That boy became the leader of the clan in the new world as they all thought he was the leader the tale announced. People of the fire clan prospered again but at some point the leader met a girl spirit and fell in love with her. As he was the leader the spirit told him he had to cut his head of to be with her as she lived far off in the mountains on the north pass the forbidden ice door a place the clan were forbidden to enter. He promissed love and announced his decision to the fire clan, that is how the first leader of the fire clan took his own head off.\
\
THE CHIEFS OF THE FIRE CLAN\
\
There is need only to give mention of Hopi because after he died the cockroaches repaired and demanded work again, the Fire Clan was again tired and thirsty and because the insect were mad they told them this time water was more expensive, their throats became like stone from this. Then another chief raised and told them to fight the insects again but this time the fire clan was drained from it\'92s energies, children were small and people were so skinny you could see their bones. They fought the cockroaches and loose but after a time there always rose a new leader and the people took strenght again. \
The insects got worried then because their strength grew even with the absence of water so they device a plan. They pretended to lose one battle and announced to the people of the fire clan that they were beaten, and that this new chief was indeed the one the guardian spirit told them and they were going underground, the land was for them at last. \
\
But not so long passed and the new chief told them to work again, at first they did it happily but again the chief told them water was very scarce and they had to work for it. Soon they all knew there was something wrong as the appetite of their chief was not something human. This need was more something only the cockroaches had. One night they entered the house of the chief and cutted his head off by force. The one to cut the head told everyone he was the one the prophecy announced and then demanded work as the water was scarce. Then another came and took it\'92s head by force. This cycle continued for 12,000 years. Each time the water was more scare and people were more tired and the people took less and less time to be angry. At some point chiefs lasted less than a day alive and people were so used to this montage that they were even amused by it. Laughter is a form of desperation too.\
\
The whole thing was so ridiculous and funny that soon the Fire Clan decided the whole thing was pointless and just stopped working to watch and see this show of blood and guts flying around. The cockroaches did not planned for this outcome, they stopped receiving food and so started shrinking. They were the size of skyscrapers by now and needed a lot of food and water to maintain this size. The insects then made a meeting again and decide to go to the surface to go up to the surface and terrorize the Fire Clan again. \
\
THE HEADLESS MAN\
\
The insects were so large that they had no problem fighting the clan, whenever they tore the humans apart piece by piece the others just watched and laughed, they eated the children in front of their parents and the fire clan just remained sitted, they let them half alive to suffer but the clan just watched and laughed. The more vicious the insects attacked, the more they laughed but they never stood they kept sitting laughing without working. The cockroaches were soon starving without the work of the fire clan and they began to shrink even faster until at some point they were the size of toy cars and they represented no danger to the fire clan. Thats when they stopped laughing. They stood up and had to decide what to do with the cockroaches the problem was they could not get to an agreement because everyone was tired of so many chiefs, and because of the tale the guardian told, nobody wanted to become chief only to have it\'92s head cut off at the very instant. As nobody wanted to become chief they just forgot about the cockroaches and started migrating and wander over this new world, drinking water to try and mend their stone throats. Thats why everyone eventually decided to wander away and find water and this people began to be known as the headless man clan.\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}